exampleSite/content/posts/3/index.md, before:

---
draft: false
date: 2023-05-04T23:50:22+02:00
image:
author: Aurora Borealis
title: Markdown Demo
description: Showcases various markdown features
summary: |
  Discover the full potential of markdown as we explore the various features and capabilities that can take your content to the next level. From syntax highlighting to tables, this article will showcase how to make the most of markdown.
categories:
  - Professional
topics:
  - Example
  - Markdown
---

# Markdown Syntax Rendering

## Headings

The following HTML `<h1>`—`<h6>` elements represent six levels of section headings. `<h1>` is the highest section level while `<h6>` is the lowest.

# H1
## H2
### H3
#### H4
##### H5
###### H6

## Paragraph

Xerum, quo qui aut unt expliquam qui dolut labo. Aque venitatiusda cum, voluptionse latur sitiae dolessi aut parist aut dollo enim qui voluptate ma dolestendit peritin re plis aut quas inctum laceat est volestemque commosa as cus endigna tectur, offic to cor sequas etum rerum idem sintibus eiur? Quianimin porecus evelectur, cum que nis nust voloribus ratem aut omnimi, sitatur? Quiatem. Nam, omnis sum am facea corem alique molestrunt et eos evelece arcillit ut aut eos eos nus, sin conecerem erum fuga. Ri oditatquam, ad quibus unda veliamenimin cusam et facea ipsamus es exerum sitate dolores editium rerore eost, temped molorro ratiae volorro te reribus dolorer sperchicium faceata tiustia prat.

Itatur? Quiatae cullecum rem ent aut odis in re eossequodi nonsequ idebis ne sapicia is sinveli squiatum, core et que aut hariosam ex eat.

## Blockquotes

The blockquote element represents content that is quoted from another source, optionally with a citation which must be within a `footer` or `cite` element, and optionally with in-line changes such as annotations and abbreviations.

#### Blockquote without attribution

> Tiam, ad mint andaepu dandae nostion secatur sequo quae.
> **Note** that you can use *Markdown syntax* within a blockquote.

#### Blockquote with attribution

> Don't communicate by sharing memory, share memory by communicating.</p>
> — <cite>Rob Pike[^1]</cite>


[^1]: The above quote is excerpted from Rob Pike's [talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAAkCSZUG1c) during Gopherfest, November 18, 2015.

## Tables

Tables aren't part of the core Markdown spec, but Hugo supports supports them out-of-the-box.

   | Name  | Age |
   | ----- | --- |
   | Bob   | 27  |
   | Alice | 23  |

#### Inline Markdown within tables

| Inline&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Markdown&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | In&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;                | Table  |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | ------ |
| *italics*                | **bold**                   | ~~strikethrough~~&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | `code` |

## Code Blocks

#### Code block with backticks

```
html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <title>Example HTML5 Document</title>
</head>
<body>
  <p>Test</p>
</body>
</html>
```
#### Code block indented with four spaces

    <!DOCTYPE html>
    <html lang="en">
    <head>
      <meta charset="UTF-8">
      <title>Example HTML5 Document</title>
    </head>
    <body>
      <p>Test</p>
    </body>
    </html>

#### Code block with Hugo's internal highlight shortcode
{{< highlight html >}}
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <title>Example HTML5 Document</title>
</head>
<body>
  <p>Test</p>
</body>
</html>
{{< /highlight >}}

## List Types

#### Ordered List

1. First item
2. Second item
3. Third item

#### Unordered List

* List item
* Another item
* And another item

#### Nested list

* Fruit
  * Apple
  * Orange
  * Banana
* Dairy
  * Milk
  * Cheese

## Other Elements — abbr, sub, sup, kbd, mark

<abbr title="Graphics Interchange Format">GIF</abbr> is a bitmap image format.

H<sub>2</sub>O

X<sup>n</sup> + Y<sup>n</sup> = Z<sup>n</sup>

Press <kbd><kbd>CTRL</kbd>+<kbd>ALT</kbd>+<kbd>Delete</kbd></kbd> to end the session.

Most <mark>salamanders</mark> are nocturnal, and hunt for insects, worms, and other small creatures.

---

## Math Rendering

{{< math.inline >}}
<p>
Inline math: \(\varphi = \dfrac{1+\sqrt5}{2}= 1.6180339887…\)
</p>
{{</ math.inline >}}

Block math:
$$
 \varphi = 1+\frac{1} {1+\frac{1} {1+\frac{1} {1+\cdots} } } 
$$

---

## Emoji Rendering

<p><span class="nowrap"><span class="emojify">🙈</span> <code>:see_no_evil:</code></span>  <span class="nowrap"><span class="emojify">🙉</span> <code>:hear_no_evil:</code></span>  <span class="nowrap"><span class="emojify">🙊</span> <code>:speak_no_evil:</code></span></p>
<br>

Commit message:

feat: Theme/performance improvements and minor design changes

exampleSite/content/posts/3/index.md, after:

---
draft: false
date: 2023-05-04T23:50:22+02:00
image:
author: Aurora Borealis
title: Markdown Demo
description: A comprehensive showcase of all markdown features supported by the Aurora theme
summary: |
  This post demonstrates all the markdown features that Aurora supports out of the box. Use this as a reference
  when writing your own blog posts to see what's possible with Hugo's markdown renderer.
categories:
  - Professional
topics:
  - Example
  - Markdown
---

# Markdown Syntax Rendering

## Headings

The following HTML `<h1>`—`<h6>` elements represent six levels of section headings. `<h1>` is the highest section level while `<h6>` is the lowest.

# H1
## H2
### H3
#### H4
##### H5
###### H6

## Paragraph

Xerum, quo qui aut unt expliquam qui dolut labo. Aque venitatiusda cum, voluptionse latur sitiae dolessi aut parist aut dollo enim qui voluptate ma dolestendit peritin re plis aut quas inctum laceat est volestemque commosa as cus endigna tectur, offic to cor sequas etum rerum idem sintibus eiur? Quianimin porecus evelectur, cum que nis nust voloribus ratem aut omnimi, sitatur? Quiatem. Nam, omnis sum am facea corem alique molestrunt et eos evelece arcillit ut aut eos eos nus, sin conecerem erum fuga. Ri oditatquam, ad quibus unda veliamenimin cusam et facea ipsamus es exerum sitate dolores editium rerore eost, temped molorro ratiae volorro te reribus dolorer sperchicium faceata tiustia prat.

Itatur? Quiatae cullecum rem ent aut odis in re eossequodi nonsequ idebis ne sapicia is sinveli squiatum, core et que aut hariosam ex eat.

## Blockquotes

The blockquote element represents content that is quoted from another source, optionally with a citation which must be within a `footer` or `cite` element, and optionally with in-line changes such as annotations and abbreviations.

#### Blockquote without attribution

> Tiam, ad mint andaepu dandae nostion secatur sequo quae.
> **Note** that you can use *Markdown syntax* within a blockquote.

#### Blockquote with attribution

> Don't communicate by sharing memory, share memory by communicating.</p>
> — <cite>Rob Pike[^1]</cite>


[^1]: The above quote is excerpted from Rob Pike's [talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAAkCSZUG1c) during Gopherfest, November 18, 2015.

## Tables

Tables aren't part of the core Markdown spec, but Hugo supports supports them out-of-the-box.

   | Name  | Age |
   | ----- | --- |
   | Bob   | 27  |
   | Alice | 23  |

#### Inline Markdown within tables

| Inline&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Markdown&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | In&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;                | Table  |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | ------ |
| *italics*                | **bold**                   | ~~strikethrough~~&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | `code` |

## Code Blocks

#### Code block with backticks

```
html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <title>Example HTML5 Document</title>
</head>
<body>
  <p>Test</p>
</body>
</html>
```
#### Code block indented with four spaces

    <!DOCTYPE html>
    <html lang="en">
    <head>
      <meta charset="UTF-8">
      <title>Example HTML5 Document</title>
    </head>
    <body>
      <p>Test</p>
    </body>
    </html>

#### Code block with Hugo's internal highlight shortcode
{{< highlight html >}}
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <title>Example HTML5 Document</title>
</head>
<body>
  <p>Test</p>
</body>
</html>
{{< /highlight >}}

## List Types

#### Ordered List

1. First item
2. Second item
3. Third item

#### Unordered List

* List item
* Another item
* And another item

#### Nested list

* Fruit
  * Apple
  * Orange
  * Banana
* Dairy
  * Milk
  * Cheese

## Other Elements — abbr, sub, sup, kbd, mark

<abbr title="Graphics Interchange Format">GIF</abbr> is a bitmap image format.

H<sub>2</sub>O

X<sup>n</sup> + Y<sup>n</sup> = Z<sup>n</sup>

Press <kbd><kbd>CTRL</kbd>+<kbd>ALT</kbd>+<kbd>Delete</kbd></kbd> to end the session.

Most <mark>salamanders</mark> are nocturnal, and hunt for insects, worms, and other small creatures.

---

## Math Rendering

{{< math.inline >}}
<p>
Inline math: \(\varphi = \dfrac{1+\sqrt5}{2}= 1.6180339887…\)
</p>
{{</ math.inline >}}

Block math:
$$
 \varphi = 1+\frac{1} {1+\frac{1} {1+\frac{1} {1+\cdots} } } 
$$

---

## Emoji Rendering

<p><span class="nowrap"><span class="emojify">🙈</span> <code>:see_no_evil:</code></span>  <span class="nowrap"><span class="emojify">🙉</span> <code>:hear_no_evil:</code></span>  <span class="nowrap"><span class="emojify">🙊</span> <code>:speak_no_evil:</code></span></p>
<br>
